[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What started the war
between Atlantis and Mu?
I am your host and
guide, Matías De Stefano.
In this episode, we will explore
the major war between Atlantis
and Mu and why Atlantis
became the ruling
civilization of Earth.
To understand why there was a
war between Atlantis and Mu,
we have to understand the two
powers that rule the world
and why they were
settled in this planet.
The first civilization than
was settled in in this planet
to arise the power
of the civilizations
was the Mu civilization.
They were called for by some
of the Atlanteans Alithir,
and they were the
angels of the sea.
And this was because they was
meant to be just in the ocean,
in the Pacific Ocean,
trying to balance
the information of the
whole planet through water.
So what they did was to
settle in different regions
of the Pacific Ocean, going
there through the porthole
that the moon has left for them
billions and billions of years
ago.
The energetical portal
through the moon and the water
in this planet was
the main breach
to bring those people
here to this world.
The rays of light,
the rays of energy
were the portals through where
they were able to descend
and all of the
other species that
came to this planet used to
use these portals to arrive
to this world.
So they created this idea
of the seven rays of light
coming from the skies and
downloaded this information
in the planet.
That's why the rainbow
was one of the codes
that they used to download the
information from the higher
levels of
consciousness, and they
knew that the
crystals in the water
showed this information
through the rain.
So that's why for them, the
rainbows were the books where
they could read all
information of the water,
and that is why humans
also related them
like the beings coming through
the portals of the rainbows
to this planet.
This idea created like a circle
of rainbows, circle of colors
around the Pacific Ocean.
So the main idea
why they were here
was to calibrate the water,
the blood of the planet,
and to make it like
a library where
they could record everything
from the outer space.
The main structure
of civilization in Mu
was in between the islands of
New Zealand, Hawaii, and Easter
Island, and they settled
four main portals
in North America and South
America, Australia and Asia.
And these four main portals
were the biggest deserts
around the Pacific Ocean.
So these were the four
colonies that Alithir people
had in order to keep the balance
and to keep the information
from the ancient
water on the planet,
so these energies could be
downloaded through the desert
to the whole Pacific Ocean.
And the four portals
were the protectors
of these information.
But the most important
ones for the world
were the ones taking
care of Nimo Pass.
Nimo Pass was what we
called now Indonesia.
The Nimo Pass was a
connection of lands
that connected Asia with
Australia at that time
when the Ice Age allowed a lot
of lands to be up of the sea
and connecting these
two continents.
So the Nimo Pass was a territory
in South Indonesia that
had a tiny path of connection
to the Pacific Ocean
by sea along the
north of Australia.
In these islands,
in this region,
what we call the Yomiom, it
was protected by the Alithir
that we know now with
the name of Lemurians.
The Lemurians tried to protect
the desert of Australia,
and the importance of the first
and very oldest humans that
were in the world,
the Australian people.
When Soffhir was the main
civilization around the planet,
they were looking
for the humans that
could hold within the
knowledge of the mother.
They would be the
ones able to create
new realities, to create
the perfect bond between sky
and Earth.
So among all of the humans that
were being created by nature,
that were splitting from
Africa to Asia and Europe,
the ones that were
the more important
were the ones that
were very far from all
the chaos of the continents.
And those are the
ones that accomplished
to get to Nimo Pass
that is Indonesia
and settle in Australia.
The original people
from Australia,
they were put there by
the Soffhir The Soffhir
taught them about the main
information from the sky,
and they were the ones trying
to create this humanity.
That is why they would say that
they are the snake people that
were created through the portal
of the snake from the sky.
The main reason why this
island was so important
is because most of the
continent is a desert,
and nothing else can
touch that desert.
The desert for the
snake people was
one of the most important places
where you can find yourself.
Desert is the concept where
nothing can bother you
and that you can just
focus in yourself.
So that's why the
core of this desert
is the big stone that represents
the core of the energy
of the whole continent.
This is why the
structure of Australia
is the portal towards
the self can be released
and where every information
can be attached to the planet.
This was the main island
that the Mu civilization
was trying to protect because
besides the Soffhir where
the civilization that
tried to build this portal
and tried to teach
the humans of that
portal how to use the energy
of sound, of creation,
and how to be related
with the planet,
the Mu civilization
has also come here
to teach to humans how to
use the energy of the planet.
So that's why they understood
that the original people
from Australia were--
since around 200,000 years
ago, were the first humans
to understand that we are
part of the consciousness
of the planet.
We thought that these
people had the seeds
within to restore the
information of the planet
when every civilization
would be lost.
So that's why for
Lemurian people,
Mu people, and Soffhir was
so important to protect them
in this island.
When the Aessir
came to this planet,
they ruled the deserts of
Middle East, Africa, and Europe,
and they were opening
the portal of the stars,
so they could bring
their own information
and rule their own world.
But they weren't able
to get the whole planet.
They were just in tiny
regions of the planet,
like Africa, Middle East,
and part of Asia and Europe.
So what they did
there was to split
the information of
the world in two,
the ones coming from the air and
the ones coming from the water.
So Aessir were
related to the air
because they were related
to the information
of the ether, the
sky, the ones that
came from other dimensions.
So they brought the ideas
of who humanity would be.
Meanwhile, the Alithir
in the Pacific Ocean,
they were just working with
the water, the vibration
of the nature of this planet.
Aessir created humans
as we know them today
so they could transmit
their information,
their own information
from their own blood,
from their own planets, so they
could transcend in this world
and to survive in this world.
So that's why they
use the biggest
portal of the
planet for the air,
for the information
of the skies, which
was the Middle East.
While exactly the
opposite of it,
in the other side
of the planet, you
have the main portal in
the Pacific Ocean, what we
know today as French Polynesia.
This polarity of information
would allow the consciousness
of the planet to bring
two sides of information,
the one negative and
the one positive,
one connected to the
water and the underworld,
and the other one
connected to the skies
and the surface of the planet.
So when the Aessir
start to speak
and creating these humans
for the first time in Middle
East, what happened was that
the Confederation realized
that humans were the most
prepared beings created
in this planet that could
accept every information
from the stars and also
being from this world.
So that's why they picked
these 12 families that
were created in the Middle
East, and they brought them
to the main core from where
the Kundalini energy started
to flow towards the creation
of the consciousness.
To understand this,
we have to remember
that Sirius people
came into this planet
to organize the Kundalini
energy of the planet,
so they could bring a
civilization adapted
to this world so they could
create consciousness alive
that could create the machines
to open the portal through time
and space.
What they did was to create the
main portals between Antarctica
and Greenland, and these main
portals from north to south
would be open through the
vertebrae of the planet that
would start in Greenland
going down in Iceland, then
to Azores, the Canary
Islands and going
through the Mediterranean
Sea to Turkey from there
to all the spine of the world
in all the mountains going
through Siberia, Alaska,
and then all America,
to Patagonia and
Argentina and Chile.
And this energy that
was moving around
was the flow of the natural
world, but in the unconscious.
It was the snake trying to
rise the energy of the planet.
So they took that information,
that ability that this planet
has of moving the
flow of energy,
and they structured
the civilization so we
as humans could follow
the pattern of energy
of this planet and
arise our consciousness,
our civilizations through
the spine of the planet,
so we could be related directly
with the core of the planet,
so we would become the
thoughts, the ideas
in flesh of this world.
That is why the first settlement
was brought from the Middle
East to south Greenland,
Iceland, Azores, and Canary
Islands.
This region there
was the first stage
where the Kundalini would be
downloaded from the North Pole
towards the South Pole,
following all the connections
of the mountains in the world.
According to the stories
of my grandfather
from my life in Khem,
around 16000 BC,
the 12 families began on Green
Cape, the island we call Khefu.
There were three main islands,
Ekaron, Khefu, and Evnoh.
At the height of then
Atlantean empire,
there were around 300,000
people living in that region.
There were several villages
throughout the three
main islands, but the
main capital of Atlantis
was the circle city named
Khefis, located on Green Cape.
This was considered
to be the origin
and the center of Khefislion,
the Atlantean empire.
When Atlantis
civilization, the Khef,
started to be split in those
islands into 12 families,
they realized that
they had this purpose
of creating a new civilization
that could rule the world, that
could be better than their
fathers and mothers, Aessir,
in the Middle East.
So what they decided was
we need to conquer them.
We need to go and
take over them,
so that would
allow them to reach
the power of the whole planet.
The Arcturian people
taught the Atlantean people
that the power of the
world was consciousness,
that the power of the world
was to become the planet.
So in order to do
that, we needed
to reach every
portal of the planet
to have the thinkings of
the planet in ourselves.
So if the 12
families of Atlantis
would be split in the world
in the 12 phases of the world,
we could download information
from the Atlantis perspective
and create the first idea of
who we are as planet Earth.
That's what pushed
them to go out
the islands of the
Atlantean Ocean,
following the pattern
of the energy flowing
around the world,
and they first went
to the crossing energy
of these Kundalini
between Morocco and Spain.
So this Atlantean
civilization started
to make some settlements in
the Mediterranean Sea following
this fracture of the energy
coming from the Atlantic Ocean.
This separation
of the continents
between Africa and
Europe was the pattern
that they follow to reach
the head of the snake.
From that following
of the energy,
they sell their
phase settlements
in all the region
of Middle East,
from Egypt to Anatolia
and all this region
that now we call Jordan, Israel,
Lebanon, Syria, Arabia, Iraq,
Iran.
All this region was
took by the Atlanteans,
but they followed the energy
flowing through the mountains
more east and east.
So that took them to the portal
of Pakistan, Afghanistan,
India, and they reached the
high mountains in the Himalayas.
When they arrived there, the
Yomiom, the Lemurian ones,
they just went
straight to the doors
of the portal in the
Himalayan mountains,
and they settle this army to
protect the portals of the Mu
civilization.
What they knew at that time was
that if Atlantean people would
reach the whole
pattern of the snake,
they would be surrounding
the Mu portal.
So all the information of the
water would be now a pattern
held by the Atlantean people.
So that meant the ending
of the Mu civilization.
Mu people would never
fight against anyone.
They would be like
angels in the seas.
So that's why the
confederation just told them
it is time for you to leave.
And that's why all
this civilization just
left the cities,
left the portals,
and peacefully, they just
went away to the underground,
and they left the only
colony trying to fight
for them that was the Yomiom.
This region tried to fight
against the Atlanteans,
so they couldn't reach
the whole planet,
the energy of the whole world.
But it was something natural
that that had to happen.
The Atlanteans had to go and
follow the pattern of the snake
and to rule the whole
planet and every portal.
So the reason why
they were chosen
to fight the energy of Atlantis,
it was because of polarity.
This polarity means that
they were the ones taking
care of the Australian
portal of the world,
so they were in the
desert of Australia
and exactly in the opposite
side of the planet,
we have North Atlantic Ocean.
So they were against
each other by magnetism,
by idea, by polarity.
They were precisely
the two civilizations
that were exactly against
each other geographically.
So that is why they
kind of knew that they
had to fight each other
in order to see who
would rule the world right now.
In other dimensions,
this war was not
something seen
like something bad.
It was a creation
of a new humanity,
the beginning of something
new for our third dimensional
world.
From the fifth and
the sixth dimension,
polarity creates
chaos and creation,
and that is why they choose
this polarity of this Yomiom
civilization and the
Khefian civilization
to reach the middle
point in between of them
in India, Pakistan,
and when they
got in touch in the middle
point of connection,
what they did was to transform
themselves in other things.
They start the war.
This war would be like different
groups of energies reaching
the same spot of one
of the main portals,
and this would create the
chaos for the first time
in this planet in between
the two civilizations that
would rule the
world and that would
lead the ideas of the world for
the next thousands of years.
The way the war was
held in that time
was not through the
technology of light
or the technology of
guns, like we know today.
Of course, we had different
ways of understanding
how a war was held because
we had the sound technology.
The sound technology
was to use the vibration
of the whole planet
to create realities,
but also to destroy realities.
We call this technology
as protiktah.
Protiktah was the
structure of 33 cubes that
created this interdimensional
and three dimensional chakana,
which is this
shape of the symbol
that we had in South
America, in Bolivia and Peru,
but when you split it
in different structures,
in different cubes, you
would have the system
that they used to create
the pyramids to create
the technology of vibration.
They used to put water
inside and encode this water
by vibration, so everything
that was exactly the same
would reproduce the same
amount of energy and vibration
by quantics along
the whole planet.
So every pyramid, every
temple, every stone circle
that has the shape
of this structure
would replicate the same
amount of energy and vibration,
so everyone could
reach the information
that they were searching.
It was like the first
Wi-Fi, the first internet
that we had in our planet.
So this structure that was
being created around the planet
by the Atlantean
people was something
that allowed them to light
the cities that they would
use to heal, that they would
use to contact other times
and spaces, that they would
use to build pyramids,
to build structures
to regenerate
the cells in your body to live
longer than we live today.
So all this technology
that was used
for the aware of the
consciousness and to make it
higher in frequency, so every
planet could listen this world,
and we could listen every
planet in the confederation
was also used for this war.
That was one of
the first mistakes
that Atlantean
civilizations did.
They organized this structure
of connection in the world,
creating these sound
vibrations, and they structured
these pillars of
resonance they were
created in different
parts of the world.
So when they would create
a huge amount of energy
by vibration in one
pyramid, this vibration
would be transmitted to
different spots of the planet,
like cables, like a network.
So in a tiny amount of
vibration, they could heal,
they could change the patterns
of the DNA, they could build.
But if you put all this amount
of vibration in just one spot,
the whole network looking into
one spot, what you would have
is the same amount of energy
that we call now atomic bomb.
So it was not only a
war fought by soldiers
fighting with swords, the
main war was through sound.
This energy was used
against the Lemurian people
so they could have the
power of the portals.
In this war, they brought
the Lemurian people
close by the temples,
and the moment
they were all close, the
temples and the pyramids,
they would put all information,
all the energy of the pyramids
towards that only pyramid.
And when they did
that, we could see
this energy like a big sound
wave with a lot of energy.
All this energy
was moving around,
and you could see like a light,
and when it was expanding,
everything that touches
just became like dust.
Every living being
in kilometers around,
plants, animals,
stones, and people
that were living in those
regions, even the cities that
were in those regions
were turned into dust.
And that's how
Atlantean people show
their power of using
the energy of sound
around the whole world.
And that is how they won the
war against the Lemurian people.
Nobody in the world would now
fight against the Atlantean
people because they
show the power of sound.
They show that this amount of
energy was now in their hands.
This energy that is known
now by some biblical stories,
like Sodom and Gomorrah
and the destruction
of the cities in the Middle
East by vibration, by sound,
by these lights that turn
everything into dust,
and the last tiny part
of this energy that
was brought to the regions
of the Ganga in South Egypt,
now called Ethiopia,
was what in the Bible
they call the Ark
of the Covenant.
They took this part of
the protiktah energy that
was used to enlighten
the power of the pyramids
around the world, so it
was the last tiny part
that they could keep before
the last fall of Atlantis
destroyed all the system
in the Atlantic Ocean.
That is why today
we can't remember
that the most powerful
energy in history
was that energy that made
that every atom by vibration
become dust.
And that is one of the reasons
why after the Atlantis wars
with Lemuria and before the fall
of Atlantis, many of the cities
and many of the main
places of this civilization
just disappeared and just killed
around 80% of the population
of our civilizations.
So many of the pyramids
that were around the world,
and even in the
Pacific Ocean, they
were nothing after this war.
We only have from them
the main structures,
like the basements or some
structures from the floor.
So we cannot have now
the main structures
because of the destruction
through vibration and also
because of the time and the
climate change and volcanoes.
But mainly during the big
war, when they disappear,
they are under water
or under Earth.
This war was in the blood and
the memory of every culture
in history of
humanity, so that would
mean that every human,
even today, has the memory
of that war within us.
We have this memory of two big
civilizations fighting, taking
care one of them the West
and the other one the East,
and that would separate the
idea of the world between East
and West, and that would be the
first idea of the whole world
separated and fighting
in different ideas.
So this war around
15,000 years BC
was the war that allowed
the Atlantean people
to reach the Taklamakan
Desert and to build
the pyramids that we
know today in China
and all the regions in Asia.
So they were downloading the
information of the Kundalini
through Asia and
going to America.
This was the beginning of the
rise of the Atlantean empire
in the whole world.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matías De Stefano.
With a deeper understanding of
the origins of the Atlantis,
the initiative path continues
as we discover how the Atlantean
empire paved the way for humans
to become gods and goddesses.
[MUSIC PLAYING]